Explain neuron models in documentation (#1910)
nest/nest-simulator: doc/index.rst

    Start here at our :doc:`Getting Started <getting_started>` page

**Know which model you need?**
    You can find a list of all models implemented in NEST in our
    :doc:`model directory <models/index>`.

>     Each neuron model is one entity. Check out
>     `NESTML <https://nestml.readthedocs.io/en/latest/>`_ if you want to combine
>     aspects of different models or create a new model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Please note that each neuron or synapse model available in NEST is a single
    entity. If your research demands a combination of features that are available
    in `different` models, our built-in models may not be for you. In this case you
    should check out `NESTML <https://nestml.readthedocs.io/en/latest/>`_ to
    learn about how to create your own.
```
